docs: new updated readme (#3231)
Arize-ai/phoenix: README.md

    </a>
</p>

Phoenix is an open-source AI observability platform designed for experimentation, evaluation, and troubleshooting. It provides:

-   **_Tracing_** - Trace your LLM application's runtime using using OpenTelemetry-based instrumentation.
-   **_Evaluation_** - Leverage LLMs to benchmark your application's performance using response and retrieval evals.
-   **_Inference Analysis_** - Visualize inferences and embeddings using dimensionality reduction and clustering to identify drift and performance degradation.

> Phoenix is vendor and language agnostic with out of the box support for popular frameworks (🦙LlamaIndex, 🦜⛓LangChain, 🧩DSPy) and LLM providors (OpenAI, Bedrock, and more). For details on auto-instrumentation, check out the [OpenInference](https://github.com/Arize-ai/openinference) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phoenix is vendor- and language-agnostic with out of the box support for popular frameworks (🦙LlamaIndex, 🦜⛓LangChain, 🧩DSPy) and LLM providers (OpenAI, Bedrock, and more). For details on auto-instrumentation, check out the [OpenInference](https://github.com/Arize-ai/openinference) project.
```

> Phoenix is vendor- and language-agnostic with out-of-the-box support for popular frameworks (🦙LlamaIndex, 🦜⛓LangChain, 🧩DSPy) and LLM providers (OpenAI, Bedrock, and more). For details on auto-instrumentation, check out the [OpenInference](https://github.com/Arize-ai/openinference) project.

Author: ```suggestion
Phoenix is vendor and language agnostic with out-of-the-box support for popular frameworks (🦙LlamaIndex, 🦜⛓LangChain, 🧩DSPy) and LLM providers (OpenAI, Bedrock, and more). For details on auto-instrumentation, check out the [OpenInference](https://github.com/Arize-ai/openinference) project.
```

> Phoenix runs practically anywhere, including your python-notebook, local machine, or in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phoenix runs practically anywhere, including your Jupyter notebook, local machine, containerized deployment, or in the cloud.
```

## Installation

> Install Phoenix via `pip` or or `conda` as well as any of its subpackages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Phoenix via `pip` or `conda` along with the `arize-phoenix-evals` package:
```

```shell
pip install 'arize-phoenix[evals]'
```

> Phoenix server container images are available via [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/arizephoenix/phoenix) and can be deployed using docker and kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phoenix container images are available via [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/arizephoenix/phoenix) and can be deployed using Docker or Kubernetes.
```

## Tutorials

## Community

Join our community to connect with thousands of AI builders.

-   🌍 Join our [Slack community](https://join.slack.com/t/arize-ai/shared_invite/zt-1px8dcmlf-fmThhDFD_V_48oU7ALan4Q).
-   💡 Ask questions and provide feedback in the _#phoenix-support_ channel.
-   🌟 Leave a star on our [GitHub](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix).
-   🐞 Report bugs with [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix/issues).

> -   Ⅹ Follow us on [X](https://twitter.com/ArizePhoenix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   𝕏 Follow us on [𝕏](https://twitter.com/ArizePhoenix).
```

-   💌️ Sign up for our [mailing list](https://phoenix.arize.com/#updates).
-   🗺️ Check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/Arize-ai/projects/45) to see where we're heading next.

## Thanks

-   [UMAP](https://github.com/lmcinnes/umap) For unlocking the ability to visualize and reason about embeddings
-   [HDBSCAN](https://github.com/scikit-learn-contrib/hdbscan) For providing a clustering algorithm to aid in the discovery of drift and performance degradation

## Breaking Changes

> see the [migration guide](./MIGRATION.md) for a list of breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [migration guide](./MIGRATION.md) for a list of breaking changes.
```
